docs: improve integrations guide & import model using absolute path (#2076)
janhq/jan: docs/docs/guides/04-using-models/02-import-manually.mdx

> We are fast shipping a UI to make this easier, but it's a bit manual for now. Apologies.

## Import Models Using Absolute Filepath (version 0.4.7)

> Starting from version 0.4.7, Jan supports importing models using an absolute filepath, so you can import models from any location on your computer. Please check the [import models using absolute filepath](../import-models-using-absolute-filepath) guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 0.4.7, Jan has introduced the capability to import models using an absolute file path. It allows you to import models from any directory on your computer. Please check the [import models using absolute filepath](../import-models-using-absolute-filepath) guide for more information.
```
